hello everybody mr. pepperidge farm and
my around the farm video I will our new
TC BT m320
so next demo capsule movie and harvest
was truly inside it's very completely
and my which was in my farm machinery
video it's very fancy
just show me the hundreds lining up
in the engine with g-series very own
diesel Max and a turbo and even a
croqueta for the turbo four-cylinder
this is always a pipe in the way it's a
Tier four so it's bitterly only sitting
on in and coming out the exhaust it's a
very good idea
you've got a massive and really - it's
pretty much designed to go inside live
but I never overheat and you can see
also my phone machinery video the
Sanderson had one that's nothing like
the size of this like the actual radio
is about the size of this small thing
here so yeah very good machine thanks
for watching